Support changed files for Gitea PRs (#1342)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/20-pipeline-syntax.md

:::info
Path conditions are applied only to **push** and **pull_request** events.

> It is currently **only available** for GitHub, GitLab and Gitea.

Reviewer: could you clarify that 'sed s/Gitea/Gitea[1]/g' ...

[1] all gitea version >= 1.18.0 ...

> It is currently **only available** for GitHub, GitLab and Gitea (versions newer than 1.18.0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is currently **only available** for GitHub, GitLab and Gitea (version 1.18.0 and newer)
```
